hello and welcome to the long-wave
tutorial of how the console peasant was
a little light on funds especially
considering the high cost of the Xbox
one how you can make your very own Xbox
one at home now first just need a
standard rutabagas they're a little bit
hard to find this time of year which is
probably why Microsoft decided to launch
it now people can't get their own so
we're just going to flatten out the
bottom here little beggars are very
tough vegetable this is probably the
only time in my life I've ever seen one
so we're just going to flatten the
bottom there all right perfect
now we're gonna have to go on over to
the sink to I mean the the rinser
machine to get it ready for preparation
so just follow me over here simply turn
it on just make sure all the console
peasant filth and tears and dirt and
AIDS and you know console herpes
especially the console warts get those
off of that you just trust me no one
likes console peasant warts we're gonna
head over here and I'll be right back
with you guys in one second all right so
you know most people know that Microsoft
likes to have a lot of add-on services
so we're just going to make sure we get
rid of the portion of the Xbox one that
you do need Microsoft Xbox Live Gold to
you so let's just pack off a good
portion of this it's a fucking tough
vegetable fuck who made this thing a
fucking strong man I can Brutus over
there the rutabaga Department fucking
lie to me but Oh easy these are a cut
what dog wants it too alright so here's
the portion that you need Xbox Live Gold
to use and here's the part you actually
get actually no it's more like just let
me get a little bit right there we go
it's a bit more fair all right so the
Xbox one's a little bit more expensive
and here I'm going to show you why you
actually need to remove a small portion
of the middle so you can fit in the
upscaler and the graphics now as you can
see we have the hole in the center
cutout that's ready to fill with all
kinds of graphics and features but first
we need to put the Xbox one into the
heat for all maybe 30 or 40 minutes
ought to do it
now the last test with the heating unit
I mean the my crappy the heating unit
was to make sure that you bought a heat
impervious root I mean Xbox one another
step is we're going to add the up scaler
I have had recommendations to use this
product for it I'm not sure what it is
but we will use it this will upscale the
shit out of your games because you know
what 480p as long as you're stretching
it to 1080p same fucking thing am i
right guys am i right we have our
graphics which it's a little bit
different from the graphics in the ps4
but that's okay to each's own sure it
gives about the same level as
performance alright give me one second
here we need a nice nice healthy dose of
graphics even a little bit less than the
PlayStation 4 though the Xbox one does
skimp a little bit on power so I can get
that Kinect in there alright that should
be just about enough graphics you may
not even have to eat some of this
yourself because we're something left
over okay we are ready to start the
soldering and securing process simple as
that we'll just light these ends up and
let them go down a little ways so that
we can have a better space to secure to
so almost forgot when this is
extinguished and not burning any more
you do need to cool it okay so I did
decide to pay the extra 60 to 100
dollars a year for live gold so we're
just going to toss this on top here I'm
just going to let that all mesh itself
together Microsoft makes a great product
this is exactly what goes inside of the
chassis of the Xbox one that case is
just a ruse for this glorious just this
feat of technology that I hold in my
hands right here so all right we're
preparing some of the soldering bluud
here did that a few minutes just to fill
up or maybe a few seconds depending on
the size of your receptacle and you're
going to set the heat to high mother
fucking high as fuck now remember to
make sure you look away from this
because a watched pot never boils
since in every video I do something
horrendously unsafe I'm going to assume
this will make it boil faster
just pause as a fucking failure you
disappointed me teapot you are a
disappointment we have been sitting here
for 30 goddamn minutes I need to finish
my xbox that's $500
my sink right now you need to shut up
and boil you're a disgrace to your whole
family
sometimes you're still huh hell's going
on here it's fall Cyril in hot service
why does my fingers still here I should
have liked dirt for blinkers all right
this is crucial you need to get this as
hot as humanly possible when you get it
over to your Xbox one that you have in
the sink here Oh over there Xbox might
be a little little little little little
hot little toasty when it comes fuck I'm
getting enough love Mary little bastard
you're coming with me
shit are you still rolling
shit fuck that together Connect you out
here and hang on to the Xbox you need to
get your two Kinect camera units here
one is for the biometric sensor and one
is for the photoreceptive sensor now
you're just going to need to encourage
them to join up with the ice box
take that and that are upscale or
goddamnit bar or graphics and the final
touch Xbox Live Arcade sprinkles
and now your xbox is all ready to ship
out to the consumer four four four four